[Autogenerated] well,
that's a look is scaffold and the functionality that it provides.
So we saw that scaffold out of the boss can convert
from Docker Compose to kubernetes, using the dash,
dash composed file flag that uses the composed tool under the covers to convert
the Docker Compose services into Kubernetes manifest files.
We also saw that scaffold can be used to create a development workflow,
and as we change our code, it can rebuild images.
And that allows us to integrate our code directly in the kubernetes.
In scenarios where we need to do that,
it can automatically deploy updated images,
runs the different manifests against kubernetes and even can clean up.
The resource is once we're done,
I hope that gives you a good idea of what scaffold conduce GUID.
As mentioned.
There are some other tools out there,
so it's worth exploring those two to see what fits best into your workflow.
I know some people who prefer to use draft others like tilt and
some like garden and even other solutions.
But the big take away from this is that there are tools to let you do
local development against an existing kubernetes cluster,
and that could be really powerful when your application needs that type of functionality.